URL: https://www.freedommobile.ca/en-CA/business
TITLE: Business Phone Plans | Freedom
---
Skip Navigation ABBCMBON Find a Store Contact Us Mobile Phones & Devices Plans Travel Business Support Internet + TV Internet TV Support Network Coverage Map International Calling & Texting International Roaming Transit Support Special Offers My Freedom Log in Express Payment SIM Activation My Freedom Log in Express Payment SIM Activation Mobile Phones & Devices Phones & Devices Phones Phones Shop all phones Certified Pre-owned Absolute Zero TradeUp Trade-In Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Tablets Watches Shop by brand Shop by brand Apple Samsung Google Motorola TCL Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Phone Protection Plan Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Plans Plans Phone Plans Bring Your Own Phone Prepaid Plans Tablet and Watch Plans Add-ons Price Freeze Promise Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Travel Travel Roam Beyond plans + passes (for monthly customers) Travel Data eSIM (works with any carrier plan) Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Business Support Support Phones & Devices Plans & Services Device Repair All Support Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Sign up today and always pay the same plan price. We promise. Learn more Take the worry out of wireless. Learn more Internet + TV Internet Internet All Home Internet plans 5G Home Internet (invite only) Home Internet that won’t bust your budget. Explore Home Internet Get Starter TV & Sports for $29/mo.1,7,8 (Reg. $39/mo.) Explore TV TV Support Home Internet that won’t bust your budget. Explore Home Internet Get Starter TV & Sports for $29/mo.1,7,8 (Reg. $39/mo.) Explore TV Network Coverage Map International Calling & Texting International Roaming Transit Support We've got coverage covered. Explore coverage Special Offers ABBCMBON Find a Store Contact Us Affordable wireless for your business. Outsmart the competition by using Freedom Mobile personal wireless service for your small business needs. Get up to 5 lines, all powered by our growing 5G network and budget friendly data plans. Great phones and plans for your business needs. All the latest and greatest phones at an affordable monthly price. Plans starting at $35/mo with Digital Discount3. Shop phones Shop all plans Looking for more lines or want to stay informed on business updates? Let me know about offers and updates, including increased line availability and features for Medium and Large business. Keep me informed WHY CHOOSE FREEDOM Discover worry-free wireless.TM AFFORDABLE Canada's most affordable 5G+ plans. Start saving today with Canada's most affordable 5G+ plans, starting at $35/mo. with Digital Discount3. Shop plans AFFORDABLE Canada's most affordable 5G+ plans. Start saving today with Canada's most affordable 5G+ plans, starting at $35/mo. with Digital Discount3. Shop plans RELIABLE We’ve got coverage covered. Freedom is available in more places than ever before, now providing coverage to 99% of Canadians.6 Learn more WORRY-FREE Never be surprised by price hikes. Don't get fooled by the other guys. Our Price Freeze Promise means your wireless plan price (before any discounts and credits) will never go up as long as you keep your plan. We promise.15 Learn more Frequently asked questions How can I open a business account? Open up a personal account with a personal credit check to get access to Freedom Mobile’s budget-friendly data plans. Note that you may be able to submit your personal service as a business expense, please consult the CRA. To stay informed on our small business updates, including opening an account under your business name with a business credit check, sign-up above. Bringing your own phone? Check out our Bring Your Own Phone plans. Make sure to do a Device Compatibility Check to ensure your phone is compatible with our network. How many lines can I add to my account? Up to 5 lines can be supported on a personal account. For increased line availability for small businesses, sign-up above to stay informed. What international options are available? For details on our plans with options including use in Canada, US, Mexico, and beyond, see our Plans. For additional international options, check out our Add-Ons. CONTACT Contact Us Find a Store Report a network incident SUPPORT All Support Account & Billing Network & Coverage Phones & Devices Plans & Services Home Internet Device Repair ABOUT US Our story News Room Careers Accessibility MORE Terms of Service Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Wireless Code of Conduct Internet Code Provide Feedback © 2026 Videotron Ltd., doing business as Freedom Mobile CONTACT Contact Us Find a Store Report a network incident SUPPORT All Support Account & Billing Network & Coverage Phones & Devices Plans & Services Home Internet Device Repair ABOUT US Our story News Room Careers Accessibility MORE Terms of Service Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Wireless Code of Conduct Internet Code Provide Feedback © 2026 Videotron Ltd., doing business as Freedom Mobile